guys again hello again with us
the main character of the release is eternal young
jay-z almost and then today will be the topic
this cooling system on the brand is shaped
jzx90
he soarer old this alteration with
hydra pump with hydraulics on
viscous coupling ordinary as a jzx100 on
under contract
why would you interrupt you right away why is it
you need to understand what to be now
rework but why is this game worth
jzx90 very old cooling system
using hydraulic fluid like
power steering is essentially a pump
which as gidrach pumps fluid worth
hydra fan on radiator with
hose systems this is all reported under
high pressure
it all chokes on the hydra fan and how
one weakest spot is known
90 brand is a high pressure hose on
fan always
virtually lost time flows
liquid goes away you purchase
overheat and so on it's like
plus this pump when turned on full
power squander engine that is
very sensibly eats horsepower here
and it takes a lot of space already cumbersome
a lot of barrels hoses all sorts but it's not all
need can install
electric fans and put the usual
pump and free mass
place here either to put viscous coupling
jzx100
how to do it all really very
just you turn off the regular pump
the whole is just the front wall
I do not unscrew the back of the standard
and completely and doing there for you
this will need to buy back
wall and eat it on the code
you can buy it the back wall of the pump
jzx100
well or from any viscous again jay-z then
it may be 2 jay z 1 it may not matter
to be aristo 147
store say order this back
part of it fit all your nipples and
hoses and tubes are all the same as in
90 but it is much more compact and the front
Part of the pump can be bought in the store
New no need to buy stuffy can
rear rack buy a bu ear at the very
In fact, the front part can be bought new in
the store
there it is a jembe firm we are releasing
korean taiwanese pumps
pretty good screw here
bandage coupling and install a radiator from
jzx100
coupling bunch with diffuser and you
get rid of that bunch of hoses in
hydraulics , etc. etc.
well, there is a solution of course more seriously
is to install the electric pump
American manufacturers tue he is very
there are many and the bosch company produces everything
the same thing in a regular place can
use an electric fan to this
the whole business because there is viscous coupling
you will not install a problem with it
overheating and boiling do not threaten you
no belt you have and no pardon
the belt you have to buy is similar
jzx100
because 90 belt is a little longer
as skif on a computer with hydraulics
a little more here and have
purchase somewhere 0 and head off in himself either
aluminum new purchase pulley
drive belt mount
because on the pump he won't go to
set 0 if you purchased from 100
brand whole pump you can install
entirely i think there will be a bundled pulley
and you bolts all relevant
thermostat go and fit your all
tosolnye pipes connected so
say bolt well here if with my
hands is the approximate budget of this
activities but with the current dollar rate
back now costs about 4
700 5000 is new and if you take
here the whole pump will cost
in the region of 5000 in the collection
Well, 5-6 this dependence and who in what
Much well here is a new belt store I do not
I know how much it costs and pulley well if
pin pulley you will have kit a
if you take everything new the pump is wearing
about 2000 rubles somewhere 2 800 and the back
wall well it's 4 700 to 5000 but this
depending on the dollar per day
purchases
well actually everything is somewhere in the area well
shorter than the top ten but you decide
very significant problem with overheating and
with motor unloading and if not
use also viscous coupling install
electric fans you engine
relieve it even more because i
ska coupling has mass
has air resistance because
the fan is very big but that's it
further and the like if set
aluminum pulleys you also weight
reduce and thoroughly on the crankshaft well
actually everything is great